Ludo Bagman – Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports within the Ministry of Magic.
Bathilda Bagshot – Author of A History of Magic, and the great aunt of Gellert Grindelwald.
Katie Bell – Gryffindor Quidditch Chaser one year above Harry Potter. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Cuthbert Binns – ghost, History of Magic professor.
Phineas Nigellus Black – Great-great-grandfather of Sirius Black and former Hogwarts headmaster. His painting hangs in the office and assists the current headmaster.
Sirius Black – Harry's godfather who was a close friend of Harry's father James. Escapee from Azkaban prison and member of the Order of the Phoenix. Killed in the Battle of the Department of Mysteries by his cousin Bellatrix Lestrange.
Amelia Bones – Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and the aunt of Susan Bones. Killed by Lord Voldemort.
Susan Bones – Hufflepuff student in Harry's year. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Terry Boot – Ravenclaw student in Harry's year. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Lavender Brown – Gryffindor student in Harry's year and member of Dumbledore's Army. Killed in the Battle of Hogwarts.
Millicent Bulstrode – Slytherin student in Harry's year. Member of Dolores Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad.
Charity Burbage – Professor of Muggle Studies at Hogwarts. Killed by Lord Voldemort.
Frank Bryce – Muggle gardener for the Riddle family. Killed by Lord Voldemort.
Alecto Carrow – Death Eater and sister of Amycus Carrow. Professor of Muggle Studies for one year, and Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts under Severus Snape.
Amycus Carrow – Death Eater and brother of Alecto Carrow. Professor of Defence Against the Dark Arts for one year, and Deputy Headmaster of Hogwarts under Snape.
Reginald Cattermole – Employee of the Magical Maintenance Department for the Ministry of Magic. Impersonated by Ron Weasley.
Cho Chang – Ravenclaw Quidditch Seeker one year above Harry, and his first love interest. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Penelope Clearwater – Ravenclaw prefect and girlfriend of Percy Weasley.
Crabbe – Death Eater and father of Vincent Crabbe.
Vincent Crabbe – Slytherin student in Harry's year and the son of a Death Eater. Slytherin Quidditch Beater and member of the Inquisitorial Squad. Killed by his own Fiendfyre spell.
Colin Creevey – Muggle-born Gryffindor student one year below Harry. Older brother of Dennis Creevey, and member of Dumbledore's Army. Killed during the Battle of Hogwarts.
Dennis Creevey – Muggle-born Gryffindor student three years below Harry. Younger brother of Colin Creevey, and member of Dumbledore's Army.
Dirk Cresswell – Muggle-born Head of the Goblin Liaison Office, went on the run with fellow Muggle-borns Ted Tonks, Dean Thomas and goblins Gornuk and Griphook, during which he is killed.
Barty Crouch Sr – Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Killed by his son Barty Crouch Jr.
Barty Crouch Jr – Death Eater credited with facilitating the return of Lord Voldemort. Used Polyjuice Potion to impersonate Alastor Moody, and received a Dementor's Kiss.
John Dawlish – an Auror.
Fleur Delacour – Participant in the Triwizard Tournament as a representative of wizarding school Beauxbatons. Later married Bill Weasley.
Gabrielle Delacour – Fleur's younger sister. Rescued by Harry during the Triwizard Tournament.
Dedalus Diggle – Member of the Order of the Phoenix who took the Dursleys into hiding.
Amos Diggory – Cedric Diggory's father. Employee of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures.
Cedric Diggory – Hufflepuff student and prefect two years above Harry. Quidditch Seeker and captain, and co-winner of the Triwizard Tournament. Killed by Peter Pettigrew on Lord Voldemort's command.
Elphias Doge – A school friend of Albus Dumbledore.
Antonin Dolohov – Death Eater who killed Fabian Prewett, Gideon Prewett, and Remus Lupin.
Aberforth Dumbledore – Brother of Albus and Ariana Dumbledore. Owner of the Hog's Head tavern.
Albus Dumbledore – Transfiguration professor in Tom Riddle's time, and Hogwarts headmaster in Harry Potter's time. Founder of the Order of the Phoenix. Killed by Severus Snape on Dumbledore's request.
Ariana Dumbledore – Sister of Albus and Aberforth Dumbledore, killed in a three-way duel between her brothers and Gellert Grindelwald.
Kendra Dumbledore – Wife of Percival Dumbledore. Mother of Albus, Aberforth, and Ariana Dumbledore.
Percival Dumbledore – Husband of Kendra Dumbledore, father of Albus, Aberforth, and Ariana Dumbledore.
Dudley Dursley – Muggle son of Vernon Dursley and Petunia Evans, first cousin of Harry Potter.
Marge Dursley – Muggle sister of Vernon Dursley.
Petunia Dursley – Harry's aunt, and his mother Lily's sister. Vernon's wife and Dudley's mother.
Vernon Dursley – Harry Potter's Muggle uncle. Petunia's husband and Dudley's father.
Marietta Edgecombe – Ravenclaw student one year above Harry. Member of Dumbledore's Army who later betrays the group to Dolores Umbridge.
Arabella Figg – Squib neighbour of the Dursleys. Member of the Order of the Phoenix.
Argus Filch – Squib caretaker of Hogwarts.
Justin Finch-Fletchley – Muggle-born Hufflepuff student in Harry's year. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Seamus Finnigan – Gryffindor student in Harry's year. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Nicolas Flamel – Creator and owner of the Philosopher's Stone.
Mundungus Fletcher – Common thief and shifty Order of the Phoenix member.
Filius Flitwick – Head of Ravenclaw House and Charms professor at Hogwarts.
Cornelius Fudge – Minister for Magic in the first five books. Sacked after persistently denying Lord Voldemort's return.
Marvolo Gaunt – The pure-blood father of Merope and Morfin Gaunt, and grandfather of Tom Marvolo Riddle.
Merope Gaunt – Tom Riddle's mother who died in childbirth.
Morfin Gaunt – Marvolo's son and Merope's brother. Framed by his nephew Tom Riddle for Muggle killings, and died in Azkaban.
Anthony Goldstein – Ravenclaw student in Harry's year. Member of Dumbledore's Army.
Goyle – Death Eater and father of Gregory Goyle.
Gregory Goyle – Slytherin student in Harry's year. Slytherin Quidditch Beater and member of the Inquisitorial Squad.
Hermione Granger – Muggle-born Gryffindor student in Harry's year and one of his best friends. Prefect and co-founder of Dumbledore's Army.
Astoria Greengrass – Draco Malfoy's wife. She died in 2019 due to her blood curse.
Gregorovitch – highly regarded Eastern European wandmaker.
Fenrir Greyback – Werewolf working for the Death Eaters.
Gellert Grindelwald – Dark wizard who was jailed after Albus Dumbledore defeated him in the 1940s.
Wilhelmina Grubbly-Plank – Substitute Care of Magical Creatures professor during Harry's fourth and fifth years.
Godric Gryffindor – One of the four founders of Hogwarts. He was a very powerful wizard.
Rubeus Hagrid – Half-giant Hogwarts gamekeeper, and Care of Magical Creatures professor starting in Harry's third year. Member of the Order of the Phoenix. As a Hogwarts student, he was expelled in his third year.
Rolanda Hooch – Hogwarts flying instructor and Quidditch referee.
Mafalda Hopkirk – Witch who works in the Ministry of Magic. Impersonated by Hermione Granger.
Helga Hufflepuff- Founder of Hufflepuff House. Co-founder of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Angelina Johnson – Gryffindor student two years above Harry. Quidditch Chaser and later team captain.
Lee Jordan – Gryffindor student two years above Harry. Hogwarts Quidditch commentator and good friend of Fred and George Weasley.
Bertha Jorkins – Ministry of Magic employee that worked under the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Killed by Voldemort in order to create Nagini as the last horcrux.
